This is the LICENSE_SHARDUS file included with the Shardus software and
any other software that is based on it or derived from it.

This file must be included without change in any software distribution
that is a copy, fork or derivative of any software that included this
file.

This file must be added without change to any software distribution
that incorporates or requires a software library or module that
included this file.

A software distribution that is a copy, fork or derivative of software
that includes this file may not have any other license file in the
software distribution.

A software distribution that incorporates or requires a software 
library or module that includes this file may have a separate parent 
license. The parent license does not apply to the Shardus software it 
is based on.

The Shardus software is source available and use of the software in a 
production setting requires obtaining a commercial license. Some parts
of the Shardus software are covered by pending patents.

Anyone who contributes to the development of the Shardus software may
be rewarded with Shardus tokens or tokens of projects using the Shardus
software. This is to encourage contributing to the original Shardus 
software rather than forking and modifying it.

In a nutshell, if you launch a public network using the Shardus software
then please make claimable at least 1% of the native tokens of your 
public network to the Shardus token holders. This will help to market 
your new project to those who supported the development of the Shardus 
software. It's a win-win situation.

For details on what is considered production use and how to obtain a
commercial license, please see:
https://shardus.com/license

The above license web page can also be accessed from:
https://github.com/shardus/shardus.github.io/tree/master/license

Version 2024.04.01
